Submit a plain-text file named strategy-transcript.txt containing a transcript from your
mocked model of your simplest strategy choosing a move for Red on the starting board
configuration of the 3x3 board with no holes.

last element of transcript containing visited cells: [visited cell at: 0 0, visited cell at: 0 2,
visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2]

full transcript:
[[], [], [], [visited cell at: 0 0], [visited cell at: 0 0], [visited cell at: 0 0],
[visited cell at: 0 0, visited cell at: 0 2], [visited cell at: 0 0, visited cell at: 0 2],
[visited cell at: 0 0, visited cell at: 0 2], [visited cell at: 0 0, visited cell at: 0 2,
visited cell at: 2 0], [visited cell at: 0 0, visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0],
[visited cell at: 0 0, visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2], [visited cell at: 0 0,
visited cell at: 0 2, visited cell at: 2 0, visited cell at: 2 2]]